Docs update for aws_vpc_ipv6_cidr_block_association inaccuracies (#22017)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/vpc_ipv6_cidr_block_association.html.markdown

Provides a resource to associate additional IPv6 CIDR blocks with a VPC.

> When a VPC is created, a primary IPv4 CIDR block for the VPC must be specified.

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence is necessary. It doesn't add to the understanding of the resource being documented.

> The `aws_vpc_ipv6_cidr_block_association` resource an IPv6 CIDR block to be added to the VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aws_vpc_ipv6_cidr_block_association` resource allows IPv6 CIDR blocks to be added to the VPC.
```

Reviewer: The IPv4 resource uses the plural form despite each association only adding a single block at a time. But you can use multiple of them to add multiple blocks, so the plural form might be better.
